Integrate overview page (#5027)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/index.mdx

sidebarTitle: Overview
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
hideAnchor: true
---

Once your PostHog instance is up and running, the next step is to start sending events.

import Tab from "components/Tab"

import SnippetInstructions from "./\_snippets/snippet.mdx"
import SDKs from "./\_snippets/sdks.mdx"
import Frameworks from "./\_snippets/frameworks.mdx"
import API from "./\_snippets/api.mdx"

<h3 class="mb-0">Installation</h3>

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
<Tab.Group>
    <Tab.List>
        <Tab>JS snippet</Tab>
        <Tab count="13">Libraries</Tab>
        <Tab count="11">Framework guides</Tab>
        <Tab>API</Tab>
    </Tab.List>
    <Tab.Panels>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <SnippetInstructions />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <SDKs />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <Frameworks />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <API />
        </Tab.Panel>
    </Tab.Panels>
</Tab.Group>

<br />
<hr />
<br />

### What to read next

> Learn about everything PostHog has to offer with these in-depth guides.

Reviewer: This sentence makes me feel like it'll talk about features, but then it just talks about how to do more advanced integrations. Maybe...

```suggestion
Learn how to take your PostHog integrations to the next level with these in-depth guides.
```

Author: Good point, I like that framing better :+1:

Reviewer 2: Background context: we try to avoid phrases like "next level" since they're vague and don't actually say anything - instead would replace with the types of things you can do.
